Spec.md, before:

1. 7x6 board
2. Multiplayer support
3. GUI
4. Ability to play against a cpu


Day 1:

Building a GUI
-specify the rows and columns
-Generate two arrays, a 1d version and a 2d version of the board
-We need the 1d array to render divs for the board
-the 2d board will be used...


Notes: UX 
Outline where the piece will land
Outline the winning piece


import Peer from 'peerjs'


Player 1 places piece
Disable action, set myturn to false
game board and player state update
send game data to peer
setMyturn to true
Player 2 places piece


Issues:
Config connection so it work on firefox
Simplify user code


Todo:
<!-- Simplify user input code to 4-5 letters (Done) -->
<!-- Add Favicon (Done) -->
Add animation to coin drop 
Add a replay button
Add error states
    When a player disconnectes: add a function that runs at the beginning of setpiece that checks if the connection is still valid
Add tie state
Change turn message to "Its Your Turn" and "Waiting for other player"
<!-- Add feedback for message copy (Done) -->
<!-- Add hover state to buttons (done) -->
<!-- Add click state to buttons (done) -->
<!-- Sort Code into components where possible -->
Incorrect usage for "label for"


Add animation to waves entering the screen (Low priority)

Commit message:

Second testing version
-Made it more clear whos turn it is by changing the message text
-Simplified join code into 5 characters
-Add error handling for  whenever PeerJS tries to connect

TODO: The app needs to check every turn if the connection is still valid and a replay button needs to be added

Spec.md, after:

1. 7x6 board
2. Multiplayer support
3. GUI
4. Ability to play against a cpu


Day 1:

Building a GUI
-specify the rows and columns
-Generate two arrays, a 1d version and a 2d version of the board
-We need the 1d array to render divs for the board
-the 2d board will be used...


Notes: UX 
Outline where the piece will land
Outline the winning piece


import Peer from 'peerjs'


Player 1 places piece
Disable action, set myturn to false
game board and player state update
send game data to peer
setMyturn to true
Player 2 places piece


Issues:
Config connection so it work on firefox
Simplify user code


Todo:
<!-- Simplify user input code to 4-5 letters (Done) -->
<!-- Add Favicon (Done) -->
Add animation to coin drop 
Add a replay button
Issue: Both users see the orange wave on initial launch
Add error states
    When a player disconnectes: add a function that runs at the beginning of setpiece that checks if the connection is still valid
Add tie state
<!-- Change turn message to "Its Your Turn" and "Waiting for other player" (Done) -->
<!-- Add feedback for message copy (Done) -->
<!-- Add hover state to buttons (done) -->
<!-- Add click state to buttons (done) -->
<!-- Sort Code into components where possible -->
<!-- Incorrect usage for "label for" -->


Add animation to waves entering the screen (Low priority)
